<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">
             
    <ui:define name="title">Terms of Service</ui:define>

    <ui:param name="viewname" value="Terms of Service" />
    
    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="grid">
            <div class="col">
                <div class="card">
                    <h3>AGUA SAT Platform Terms of Use</h3>
                    <h5 class="m-4 ">

                        Last Updated: APRIL 25, 2023

                        Welcome to the AGUA SAT Platform. The following Terms of Use ("Terms") govern your access to and use of the AGUA SAT Platform and its associated services (collectively, the "Platform"). The Platform is owned and operated by AGUA SAT, a Portuguese company ("AGUA SAT," "we," "us," or "our"). By accessing or using the Platform, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

                        Acceptance of Terms
                        By accessing or using the Platform, you confirm your acceptance of these Terms and agree to be legally bound by them. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not access or use the Platform.

                        Eligibility
                        To access or use the Platform, you must be at least 18 years old or have the consent of your parent or guardian. By using the Platform, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into and abide by these Terms.

                        Account Registration
                        You may need to create an account to access certain features of the Platform. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password, and for all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify AGUA SAT of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.

                        User Content
                        You are solely responsible for any data, text, images, or other materials ("Content") that you submit, post, or otherwise provide through the Platform. You grant AGUA SAT a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, modify, and distribute your Content in connection with the Platform.

                        Prohibited Activities
                        You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities while using the Platform:

                        a. Violating any applicable laws or regulations;
                        b. Submitting false or misleading information;
                        c. Infringing upon the rights of others, including copyright, trademark, privacy, or other intellectual property rights;
                        d. Transmitting any harmful, threatening, abusive, or harassing content;
                        e. Distributing viruses or other harmful code;
                        f. Attempting to interfere with the proper functioning of the Platform or any user's enjoyment thereof.

                        Intellectual Property Rights
                        All intellectual property rights in the Platform, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, and service marks, are owned by AGUA SAT or its licensors. Unauthorized use of the Platform's intellectual property is strictly prohibited.

                        Termination
                        AGUA SAT reserves the right to terminate or suspend your access to the Platform at any time, with or without notice, for any reason, including but not limited to a violation of these Terms.

                        Disclaimer of Warranties
                        The Platform is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. AGUA SAT disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

                        Limitation of Liability
                        In no event shall AGUA SAT or its affiliates be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of or in connection with your use of the Platform, including but not limited to loss of profits, data, or other intangible losses.

                        Indemnification
                        You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless AGUA SAT and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection with your use of the Platform or your violation of these Terms.

                        Changes to Terms
                        AGUA SAT reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time, in its sole discretion. We will notify you of any changes by posting the updated Terms on the Platform and indicating the date of the latest update. Your continued use of the Platform following the posting of the revised Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the updated Terms, you must stop using the Platform.

                        Governing Law and Jurisdiction
                        These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Portugal, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Portugal for the resolution of any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of the Platform.

                        Severability
                        If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the remaining Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.

                        Entire Agreement
                        These Terms, together with any applicable privacy policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference, constitute the entire agreement between you and AGUA SAT regarding your use of the Platform and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and AGUA SAT.

                        Contact Information
                        If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms or the Platform, please contact us at [email address] or at the following address:

                        AGUA SAT
                        AV DE BERNA 25 R/C ESQ
                        LISBOA
                        Portugal

                        By using the AGUA SAT Platform, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.<br /><br /><br />
                    </h5>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>